README.md, before:

# twitterInfo
These scripts retrieve information from several tweets.

**Usage**
- Run one of the two python scripts. Example: python twitterTweepy.py
- Note. Independent scripts. Different scripts to avoid problems with the configuration of each computer.

**Retrieved values**
- User
- Handle
- Followers
- Likes
- Retweets

**Example**
- TWEETS:<br />
https://twitter.com/StackOverflow/status/910133441286496256<br />
https://twitter.com/github/status/913139368818331648<br />
https://twitter.com/DisneySpain/status/915517354477592576<br />

- Results:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Usuario: Stack Overflow. Handle: @StackOverflow. Seguidores: 40.197. Retweets publicación: 46. Likes publicación: 89. Dirección publicación:<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://twitter.com/StackOverflow/status/910133441286496256

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Usuario: GitHub. Handle: @github. Seguidores: 1.689.269. Retweets publicación: 508. Likes publicación: 778. Dirección publicación:<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://twitter.com/github/status/913139368818331648

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Usuario: Disney España. Handle: @DisneySpain. Seguidores: 408.556. Retweets publicación: 118. Likes publicación: 207. Dirección publicación:<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://twitter.com/DisneySpain/status/915517354477592576

Commit message:

Select language on the command line

README.md, after:

# twitterInfo
These scripts retrieve information from several tweets.

**Usage**
- Run one of the two python scripts. Example: python twitterTweepy.py -s
- Note. Independent scripts. Different scripts to avoid problems with the configuration of each computer.
- twitterTweepy.py can display the results in Spanish (-e) or in English (default language).

**Retrieved values**
- User
- Handle
- Followers
- Likes
- Retweets

**Example**
- TWEETS:<br />
https://twitter.com/StackOverflow/status/910133441286496256<br />
https://twitter.com/github/status/913139368818331648<br />
https://twitter.com/DisneySpain/status/915517354477592576<br />

- Results:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Usuario: Stack Overflow. Handle: @StackOverflow. Seguidores: 40.197. Retweets publicación: 46. Likes publicación: 89. Dirección publicación:<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://twitter.com/StackOverflow/status/910133441286496256

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Usuario: GitHub. Handle: @github. Seguidores: 1.689.269. Retweets publicación: 508. Likes publicación: 778. Dirección publicación:<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://twitter.com/github/status/913139368818331648

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Usuario: Disney España. Handle: @DisneySpain. Seguidores: 408.556. Retweets publicación: 118. Likes publicación: 207. Dirección publicación:<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;https://twitter.com/DisneySpain/status/915517354477592576
